Add permissions and UHC docs (#516)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/apps/guides/forms/uhc-mode.md

---
title: "Universal Health Coverage (UHC) mode"
linkTitle: UHC mode
weight: 5
description: >
  How to enable UHC monitoring
relatedContent: >
  apps/reference/app-settings/user-roles
  apps/reference/app-settings/user-permissions
---

_Introduced in v2.18.0_

UHC mode empowers CHWs to provide equitable and timely care to families in their catchment area. The Community Health Toolkit supports this use-case by displaying the number of
visits made to a household and highlighting households which haven't met their visit goal in red at the top of the contact list.

> ![UHC mode](UHC.gif)

Author: Updated

The date last visited is colored red whenever the date is 30 days or more in the past. The date last visited is displayed as a relative date. Visits that happened today will say "Visited today", visits that happened yesterday will say "Visited yesterday". This period is described in terms of "days" up until two months, so "Visited 3 days ago" or "visited 36 days ago". After two months, we simply say "2 months" or "3 months".

The date of the last visit is displayed and contacts can be sorted by last visit date to allow the CHW plan their work.

> ![Contact sort](person-contact-form-survey.png)

Author: Updated

UHC mode empowers CHWs to provide equitable and timely care to families in their catchment area. The Community Health Toolkit supports this use-case by displaying the number of
visits made to a household and highlighting households which haven't met their visit goal in red at the top of the contact list.

{{< figure src="UHC.gif" link="UHC.gif" alt="UHC mode screenshot" title="UHC mode in use" >}}

> The date last visited is colored red whenever the date is 30 days or more in the past. The date last visited is displayed as a relative date. Visits that happened today will say "Visited today", visits that happened yesterday will say "Visited yesterday". This period is described in terms of "days" up until two months, so "Visited 3 days ago" or "visited 36 days ago". After two months, we simply say "2 months" or "3 months".

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
{{< figure src="UHC.gif" link="UHC.gif" alt="UHC mode screenshot" class="right col-6 col-lg-3" >}}

UHC mode empowers CHWs to provide equitable and timely care to families in their catchment area. The Community Health Toolkit supports this use-case by displaying the number of
visits made to a household and highlighting households that haven't met their visit goal in red at the top of the contact list.

The date last visited is colored red whenever the date is 30 days or more in the past. The date last visited is displayed as a relative date. This period is described in terms of "days" up until two months, so "Visited 3 days ago" or "Visited 36 days ago". After two months, we simply say "2 months" or "3 months".
```

Author: Updated

The date of the last visit is displayed and contacts can be sorted by last visit date to allow the CHW plan their work.

> {{< figure src="sort-dropdown.png" link="sort-dropdown.png" alt="Contact sorting screenshot" title="Contact sorting in UHC mode" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Sorting

{{< figure src="sort-dropdown.png" link="sort-dropdown.png" alt="Contact sorting screenshot" class="right col-6 col-lg-3" >}}

The date of the last visit is displayed and contacts can be sorted by the last visit date to allow the CHW to plan their work.
```

Author: Updated
